Add talks and modify thumbnails at 'appearance' section (#2523)
mainmatter/mainmatter.com: src/appearances/2024-09-13-rust-opensource-more.md

---
title: "Rust, Open Source, and more @ Linux Inlaws"
image: "/assets/images/talks/2024-09-13-rust-linux-inlaws/new-thumbnail.png"
url: https://ia802203.us.archive.org/25/items/LI_S02E14_Rustacean_Station__54D6/LI_S02E14_Rustacean_Station_.mp3
media: video
channel: rust-linux-inlaws
---

> Mainmatter’s Founder @marcoow was on the Linux Inlaws podcast to discuss #rustlang, open source, foundations, #eurorust and more

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mainmatter’s Founder Marco Otte-Witte was on the Linux Inlaws podcast to discuss Rust, open source, foundations, EuroRust and more.
```

Neither @ mentions or hashtags work in this text
